fix: change dropin name to drop-in (#105)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: README.md

   ```mdx
   ---
   title: Slots

>    description: Learn about slots and how to use them to customize drop-ins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   description: Learn about slots and how to use them to customize drop-in components.
```

   ```mdx
   ---
   title: Slots

>    description: Learn about slots and how to use them to customize drop-ins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   description: Learn about slots and how to use them to customize drop-in components.
```
